1. Kamran Ahmad

Role: Founder and CEO
Bio (from website): Upon visiting Rwanda in 2019 Kamran was inspired to build an aquaculture business in Africa to tackle the problem of affordable and sustainable protein production. In pursuit of this mission, he joined Victory Farms, the largest fish farm in East Africa based in Kenya, in 2020, and in late 2021 launched the organization's Rwandan counterpart, founding Kivu Choice. Kamran holds Masters degrees from Imperial College London and Oxford University, and an MBA from Stanford University.
LinkedIn: https://rw.linkedin.com/in/kheahmad

2. Emmanuel Bahizi

Role: Chief Financial Officer
Bio (from website): Bahizi is an energetic servant leader with a focus on social-economic impact. His experience in the finance industry and strong commitment to building scalable businesses are great additions to the Kivu Choice Team where he is overseeing the Finance, HR, and Procurement. Prior to this, Bahizi was Corporate Banking Manager at Bank of Kigali. He holds a Bachelors degree from University of Pennsylvania and a Masters from Harvard University.
LinkedIn: https://rw.linkedin.com/in/emmanuel-bahizi-32b81b96

3. Benjamin Bizima

Role: Commercial Director
Bio (from website): Ben is an impact-driven leader who takes an active role in leading teams to deliver results. Most recently leading Sales for Bboxx Rwanda, the largest retail solar company in Africa, he will take on responsibility for Kivu Choice's commercial operations and expansion. Ben holds a Bachelor's degree in Business Administration from Mount Kenya University.
LinkedIn: https://rw.linkedin.com/in/benjamin-bizima-120a76131

4. Gordon Bradford

Role: Not explicitly stated on homepage, appears to be in Operations/Construction
Bio (from website): Gordon Bradford has over 3 decades of experience in construction, maintenance, security, and project management in Africa. Gordon started his aquaculture career with Victory Farms in Kenya for one year before moving over to Rwanda and was the first employee at Kivu Choice.
LinkedIn: Unable to locate specific LinkedIn profile

5. Ronah Nabukeera

Role: Appears to be Hatchery Manager/Expert
Bio (from website): Ronah is an experienced hatchery expert with experience spanning over 10 years in Uganda, Kenya, Ghana, and Rwanda. Her keen ability to develop and manage people while getting excellent results makes her a great resource for Kivu Choice. Her hobbies include travelling and experiencing different cultures. She holds a bachelors degree in Fisheries and Aquaculture.
LinkedIn: Unable to locate specific LinkedIn profile

6. Ariella R. Isamaza

Role: HR Professional
Bio (from website): Ariella is a dynamic and results-oriented HR professional with hands on experience in implementing, and managing human resource operations. She has proven track record of driving organizational success through strategic talent acquisition, employee engagement, and performance management. She is passionate about creating inclusive environments that promote diversity and equity. She holds a Bachelor's Degree in Economics and a Master's Degree in Business Administration.
LinkedIn: Unable to locate specific LinkedIn profile

7. Fred Yaw Asem

Role: Not explicitly stated, appears to be in Aquaculture/Agribusiness Management
Bio (from website): Fred is a distinguished leader in aquaculture and agribusiness management with over a decade of international experience.
LinkedIn: Unable to locate specific LinkedIn profile

8. Jacques Kagabo

Role: Senior Manager, Data & Technology
Bio (from website): Jacques brings extensive experience across different industries, including telecommunications and solar energy with a strong focus on commercial operations and execution. A dedicated data strategist, he excels in harnessing data to drive business innovation and optimize operations. His expertise spans advanced data analytics, UI/UX design, product management, and software development. Jacques holds a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science from the Kigali Institute of Science and Technology and is currently pursuing an MBA from Mount Kenya University.
LinkedIn: Unable to locate specific LinkedIn profile